Background rewrite ensemble learning (#185)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_thesis/src/sections/background/ensemble_learning_models/ensemble_learning.tex

\subsubsection{Ensemble Learning}
Ensemble learning is a machine learning technique that combines multiple models, referred to as weak learners, to generate more accurate predictions.

> Individually, weak learners might have limited performance, but their combination can lead to a more precise and robust model.

Author: ```suggestion
Individually, the predictions of weak learners might have limited accuracy, but their combination can lead to a more precise and robust model.
```

> Decision trees are often chosen as weak learners due to their simplicity and effectiveness.

Reviewer: Just checked. The source does not seem to have this claim. They merely tend to describe everything in terms of decision trees.

> Decision trees are often chosen as weak learners due to their simplicity and effectiveness.

Author: Removed it since we say this at the end of the section.
